LEVEL 1-1
Is anyone alive?
I entered the Aster without any problem. 
I was here a lot of times knowing most of
the ways inside and out. 
The first thing happened here that
I lost any connection with the Ground control.
Something blocks this broadcast band signals.

So I started my mission to find the ones
who survived and sent SOS alarm to the Earth.
Back door
//
LEVEL 1-2
Dark corridor
The Protection cannons were activated 
and also some sectors were minned.
That seems everything was prepared to
take any unexpected guests!
That wasn't evident who made it:
this part of the station was empty and 
hasn't any signs of lumans or anybody else.
 
The transmitter was silent and I went on. 
Passageway
//
LEVEL 1-3
Doors that closed
Protection systems came harder and stronger. 
If it were lumans I need to be prepared
to face their biological spaceships.
 
The best news were the incoming signal 
from Daedalus, the man who also sent 
SOS message to the Earth.
But now his messages were short and dry.
He was in danger and maybe couldn't say more.
I must reach him and the other survivors.
Protection sector
//
LEVEL 1-4
Between the petals
Lumans were here. It means that Aster 
was occupied. The worst case was happened. 
I was in danger as the survivors too:
lumans have no mercy and take no prisoners.
Alse I hoped that among the survivors 
was she. Rose. How I hope she alive.
That was one of the main reasons for me
to be here and agree to this operation.
But this possibility was tiny small.
Corridor
//
LEVEL 1-5
Ants and bugs
I've allmost reached the dispatching cabin.
The one sector was remaining to pass.
 
Here I found the first big problem that
Daedalus warned me about earlier:
big bioships so-called Bugs (lumans named
this model in another way with their 
language that was unspickable for us). 
I need to act carefully!
Dispatching cabin
//
LEVEL 2-1 
Weeked hopes
Daedalus was killed. Nobody was in the room.
I hope that the other two surveyors 
could escape because I found no ships 
in the landing zone of the nearest hangar.
All the communication equipment was broken
and I could not send any message to the Earth.
I made a decision to move to the stores -
the most safe place where I could find the
survivors if they are still alive.
Hangar
//
LEVEL 2-2
One vision
Just two survivors were left. 
I didn't know who they are.
I wanted to believe that Rose was one
of them. But I have received no signals 
anymore. Maybe lumanians have killed everyone.
 
I moved on. The next sector was a big depot
of plasmids with serious door blocking system. 
Plasmid storage
//
LEVEL 2-3
New surprises
General Black established contact. 
He was one of three... of two who survive.
He seemed to feel safe and in this 
situation it was weird.
But he said that Rose was with him.
She survived! That was really good news!
 
Now I need to reach them in the center sector, 
the very heart of Aster.
Control room
//
LEVEL 2-4
All the ways
Rose had no any transmitter to call me 
or receive my messages. But she found the way
to contact me by beacons with messages. 
And the good part of this situation was that
Black didn't know about them.
The puzzle started to put together:
General Black was the one who made lumanians
came to Aster. And Rose was alive because 
she kept herself next to him. 
Tech Storages (East Wing)
//
LEVEL 2-5
Sir, yes, sir
Rose slipped away from Black and now she
tried to escape from Aster. To land Plasmia 
was the only good way for her. The surface 
of Plasmia was the giant ocean with the small 
amount of islands made by humans many years
ago before plasmids extraction was invented.
I moved on. Now I was in a small module. 
And it was a trap! Goliath, the giant Black's 
ship appeared from the dark forwards to me.
Central Sector
//
Уровень 3-1
Deus Ex Outer Space
General Black was defeated but lumanian
forces arrived more and more through the
portals. Everything was as Daedalus said.
The main disaster was Blacks' message to
the Earth: he deceived the Ground Control
saying that the alert was a fake.
 
I left alone against tha army of lumanians.
Rose was my only guide here. So I moved on.
Tech Storages (West Wing)
//
LEVEL 3-2
Fade to black
Rose and Daedalus planned everything earlier.
On the assembly shop subsector of workshop
I can find extra-high-power plasmic bombs
that able to destroy Aster. 
But for this purpose I must move them to 
the next sector, the main worksops
where the energy generator slots are situated.
The energy of big generator must activate the
bombs and then they will explode!
Assembly line
//
LEVEL 3-3
Workshop generator
Bombs flew on the conweyor to the worksops.
Everything was according the Daedalus' plan.  
There was no any message-beacon from Rose
and I just hoped that she's Ok. 
My mission was to plant the bombs into the 
energy slots that were there. Of course 
the slots were under high voltage and
to bomb them I was need to turn off the 
workshop generator. And finally get off fast!
The Main Workshops
//
LEVEL 3-4
451 degree
The last thing that left to do before get away 
is to turn on the big generator.
But my plan was predicted and I found 
the generator room occupied.
The room was fastly reconstructed by lumanians:
there was a several portals to get the army here.
And forward to me waqs him. Minos.
He was in symbiosis with his heavy bioship.
Doors after me closed loudly. The battle begins.
The Big Generator
//
LEVEL 3-5
Final countdown
When the generator has been turned on
the timer of the bombs started to count 
the moments till detonation!
Minos was destroyed but this was the begining.
Everything around turned to chaos.
I was under hunting for the biggest price ever
and the exit from aster was crowded by lumanians.
 
I need to make the final breakthrough to get away!
Exit
//
GAME OVER. MISSION COMPLETE!
Derbis of Aster were still revolving on orbit of Plasmia.
I don't know when the Ground Control will find out 
what is happened here. Will they send a rescue team?
Me and Rose left on here on Plasmia discovering the
planet. More than the month last since we land here.
The plants we found here were eatable. We also found
the ruins of the earthling colonies here and 
abandonned spacesips, rusty and with no fuel in tanks. 
Hope we will find the way to get out from here soon.

Thomas Theseus / Spacecraft logbook. The final record
//


//
//
Level 1-1
Is anyone alive?
27:25 by Andromedian time. I entered the Aster without any problem.
I'm going to board my ship into hangar as soon as I can.

I know that agent Dionysus almost arrived at hangar. I learned it
from Selena. She's waiting outside the station directing us. 

No one from the station gave us any answer as before.
It seems that something is going wrong - maybe enemies came here. 
I must be careful. 
//
Level 1-2
Corridors 
Security systems have been activated. Mines are everywhere.
All of this was strange. Very strange...

I haven't met anyone at the station yet. I was slowly approaching 
the hangar and the command sector. There I wanted to find Commander Black.
Ahead was the several corridors that were hardly lighted with dim lamps.
Everything there was obsoleted and rusted as whole Aster was. 
That was just a mean monument of Plasmia's independance. But that was our
only serious weapon. The last chance to keep us alive among the stars!
//
Level 1-3
The Cage
Security systems were stronger and stronger as far as I was advancing.
If these are Andromedians - I'm going to face their bio-warships soon.

Since Empire has been fallen down and Plamsia became an 
independent planet, Andromedian Stellar Union got their plans on it.
Maybe they want to make Plasmia into a Bio-incubator, maybe to use it
for the final attack on Empire's remaining colonies -
nobody knows it on Plasmia. On the other hand, Empire's guards
that got defeated and uncoordinated, were trying to take our planet back.
And we were between Scylla and Charybdis all this time...
//
Level 1-4
World of color
Now we know - these are Andromedians. Almost everything got clear now.
But where are those plasmian soldiers? And why did we
lose communication with Aster? Is anyone of them alive?

And the most terrible thing I had in my mind was... Rose...

She was the main dispatcher on Aster. And she was waiting for me here.
I must save her! Once she told me a frightning thing about Aster:
a riot was about to happen here! But I didn't believe it then.
But lately no one either believed that Andromedians' invasion was possible.
//
Level 1-5
Bugs in an anthill
I've almost arrived to hangar and dispatching office. Rose and Dionysus
should be waiting for me there. Maybe Cpt Black too. Selena told me that 
communication device at Dionysus' ship was out of order. 
But we still hope he's alive.
All that remains is the only corridor. But it's the most dangerous one!
Selena warned me that I would face there new Andromedians' bio-weapons.
Several BUGs could be among them. These are heavy bio-warships
with very powerful laser guns. This ride won't be an easy one!

OBJECTIVE: Destroy three BUGs!
//
Level 2-1 
Per Aspera
Dionysus had been shot down. Who killed him?.. We didn't know.
Death made him speechless forever. However, I found out that 
the most terrible things had already happened: 
both rebellion of imperial partizans and andromedian bioships invasion. 
But at the same time one couldn't notice any struggle traces like
the both sides already divided the station. 

One more war was about to begin, as violent and meaningless 
as all wars are. During thousands years of their history,
humans still didn't learn to live together in peace for everyone's sake.
//
Level 2-2
Another Point of View
The death of Dionysus didn't shock Selena. War is war. 
The mission is not failed until one of us is alive! 
Death is a constant risk for soldiers as long as wars exist.
I tried to chase this thought away: the orders are peremptory!
Now I have to find the Commander in these labyrinths, even though 
I was sure that he got either killed, or became the leader of the rebels.

But I couldn't stop thinking about Rose... What happened to her? 
She wasn't in the control room when I arrived. Did she survive, or run away? 
Or maybe she changed sides? These thoughts were making me sick.
//
Level 2-3
Unanswered Questions
All those times I've only encountered andromedian bioships, 
but it seems I'll be meeting the rebels soon.
Anyway, they had to be in the control compartment where I'm currently located.
Also, there was another odd fact I remembered of: when I found the hangar, 
it was empty. Someone had taken the agent Dionysus' ship.

Who killed him? The rebels? And where is Rose?!
I was confused by my suspicions. And I couldn't find any answer...
//
Level 2-4
Ashes to Ashes
Rose's found messages were just what I needed! Now I know she's 
still alive! But I also know about Commander Black's betrayal...

If he killed Dionysus, everything becomes clear at once: rebels made a pact 
with andromedians. Possibly, they're going to attack Plasmia!

Communication with Selena had broken completely... I had worst expectations: 
mission is doomed to a failure without her...
I had to do something immediately!
//
Level 2-5
Black and White
These bastards got to Selena... So I found myself alone on this 
damned station against hordes of rebels and andromedian bioships. 
Black contacted me himself: he knew where I am and, most likely, 
already had a "surprise" ready for me...

When I reached the next sector the doors behind me closed with
a loud roar of sirens. I found myself in a trap!
Distant ominous fires of a huge fighting vehicle lit up ahead.
Well, I'm ready to accept a fight!

OBJECTIVE: Destroy A. Black's ship
//
Level 3-1
Deus Ex Spatia
I avenged my fellows... But enemy bioships continued to arrive:
portals on Aster were working with at full power. It was just as Black said.

I knew that the nearest exit was very close. Now I can escape! 
But if I will... Aster would be filled with thousands of Andromedian 
bioships. And they will be able to make a fatal dash from there to
Plasmia and also use Aster as weapon and blow us up with our own weapon!

No, I can't escape! I must do something to stop them!..
//
Level 3-2
Darkness
When I switched off the main lighting generator, Aster drowned in darkness. 
It lasted only a few minutes: backup generators brought back light 
to the station. But it became weak and dim. I hoped that it was enough 
time for Rose to run away.

Now I thought of other things. In order to rescue Plasmia, it was necessary 
to destroy Aster. Dionysus knew about bombs... I need to find those bombs
and put them on the generator in the workshop. It's the only way to destroy Aster!

OBJECTIVE: Find bombs and place them on the conveyor belts
//
Level 3-3
Generators
Bombs arrived to the workshops by conveyor. 
Now it's time to bring Dionysus' plan "B" to life!

Since the last beacon I haven't had any messages from Rose. Now I only 
have to hope for a miracle. And the only thing left for me to hope for 
is to save Plasmia and it's citizens, who doesn't suspect anything 
and who just want to live their lives.
I have nothing to wait for! Time is running out!

OBJECTIVE: Place bombs into power slots
//
Level 3-4
The Incandescence
It's only one step left for me to activathe the mines I had set.
This last step is to activate the mined generators at full power... 
But it won't be easy because Andromadians are already waiting for me
in the command room. And Minos is personally leading them!

When I arrived I found portals everywhere. This is how they
travel. This battle will be most difficult and dangerous,
but I'm ready to accept the call! There is no point to back off now!

OBJECTIVE: Fight Minos and power up the big the electric generator 
//
Level 3-5
The Final Countdown
Minos was defeated, but it's not the end yet! The bombs were activated
and the final countdown has started. I have to get away immediately!
But it's not easy because the only way out was blocked outside by the 
hordes of Andromedian ships and rebels! 

There was no time for fighting or hiding. I must leave the station while 
the timer is still going. Just a few seconds left!

OBJECTIVE: Escape from Aster before it explodes! 
//
CONGRATULATIONS!
Tonight thousands of Plasmians saw a great flash in the sky!
It was the explosion of Aster. Dionysus' plan "B". 
I took a breath. Ice and fire of Aster were left behind!
Plasmia was saved! Rose and I survived!..  
I know the victory is temporary. But we won't give up! Plasmia is alive!
//


//